and August
stronger at the toilet
and I think that's kind of where maybe
people for Omega pharma-quick sub
weren't as strong we were strong it's
just they were pretty exceptional
argos-shimano last year and there and
Marcel was as well and there and yes sir
so we strengthened things this year
we're excited to go race you know and
they're sprinting is really hotly
contested right now and there and yeah I
think that we go for the spectators and
we go for the sport this year
no I'm you know I'm I'm super happy that
Amelia pharma-quickstep put the
financial investment and the commitment
and the confidence to design a team like
around me you know to best lead our guys
in the world and the horsepower we have
to do that to put me in the best
position to win you know it it's a nice
position to be in it's a lucky position
to be and yeah makes me excited for
forgoing a racing this year
to think for the second year in my
relatively short career and told Frances
Stein UK is something I couldn't dreamed
about as a kid you know i said when i
was in london it's probably only
Chancellor to ride the tour de france in
the UK and have three stages this year
it makes me pause it gives me goosebumps
especially the first stage finishing my
mother's hometown and how diggit and
I've haven't ridden the road so much but
I know the finish really well it's a
road I walked up and down many times as
a kid who went there three four times a
year when I was young you know my family
still live there you know and they're
providing a sprint finishes it's a
perfect scenario you know i'm i'm i'm
super excited that one day is is
obviously so so important i had a chance
the first chance of my career to wear
the yellow jersey last year i missed out
because of a crash put her to have that
that opportunity again you know it's the
only Grand Tour Leader shoes i'm worn
yet one the pincers in the Giro and the
red jersey the well tend to be out do
that in the Tour de France the biggest
race in the world in the UK is a big big
thing you know and then obviously the
next stage it's not like to be a sprint
for their the third stage into London to
finish it on the wall I remember last
time when the Tour de France is in
London the crowds and cycle wasn't even
popular than then you look at the
Olympics and see how many people were
there I think I don't think people
realize how big is going to be it's
going to be massive and it it gives me
goose from talking about it really
really am I never been so so excited
about about one day the year before my
life sir just a lot something else was
no obvious give out I have actually when
we dog was born mother professionally I
mean you know
and I think organizers just making races
harder they think maker makes is hot
what what's happening it like I'm not
going to beat around the bush in the
past people were doping okay so people
doing superhuman things now nobody's
doping and maybe odd but no no like you
know nobody's so people can't deceive
your human things so the group is bigger
you know and they're so organizing we
need to split the race or will make it
harder or it short sight because if the
race is harder there's less chance of
doing sibulan so the group stays bigger
even longer you know so technically it
is making the opposite an adverse effect
what they wanted to do really and oh and
it makes a new like a new to race and I
think yeah there will be attacks in
sanremo but it makes it different race
we already have Judah lumber idea you
know we don't need another one I think
it and it's not just because I'm not
saying it on a bite bias point of view I
don't get the opportunity to win like I
only wouldn't want you know and a lot of
times I was quite a few minutes down you
know it's not like I was always in with
a shot at winning so I wanted to carry
on like that like if I want to win I
really have to base my whole season
round it so it's not like I'm saying I
back on when they did it stupid like how
the race was was beautiful is it it's
been like that since it started they've
added content but as the development of
bikes of come on and they've just added
it to to go with the times you know and
to change to completely alter the
structure the race it's nice like
sending Patti roubaix down to the Alps
it it's not what the race is about
I've got the rest of my life to to look
back on what I have done I think too
many riders of one one or two big races
and they look back on it they live on it
for a while and that only lasts a couple
years and it ended a lot of riders crew
tonight ended what really dropped too
low the riders careers like really guys
still riding our see it you know they
wouldn't want to two races and leave the
net couple years and the suffering
because of it you know and I've never
looked back what I've done even before I
cycling you know when I achieved some I
set a goal I want to achieve it the day
after I achieved it I set a new goal you
know that's always how it was and that
he'll continue to be an oem obviously
the reasons what I always wanted to be
the best that was it you know the reason
to change now like I wanted to do well
because I want my family to be proud of
me i want my daughter to grow up looking
at i died doing these things like so the
motivations have changed but i still
want to win you know and i still have
goals what i want to do and i want to
buy home what i have done just